Add `--job-name`, `--build-number` and `--cause` options (#203)
jenkinsci/jenkinsfile-runner: README.md

 -p (--plugins) FILE         : plugins required to run pipeline. Either a
                               plugins.txt file or a /plugins installation
                               directory. Defaults to plugins.txt.

>  -n (--job-name) VAL         : Name of the job the run belongs to, defaults to 'job'

Reviewer: Will create a follow-up task to support folders

 -b (--build-number) N       : Build number of the run, defaults to 1.
 -c (--cause) VAL            : A string describing the cause of the run.
                               It will be attached to the build so that it appears in the

>                                build log and is availabled to plug-ins and pipeline steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                               build log and becomes available to plug-ins and pipeline steps.
```
